README.md, before:

# MODIS_Extraction
Code to extract MODIS imagery from NASA Earthdata repository. 

bands367_3031.xml: use to extract MODIS corrected surface reflectance imagery in coordinate reference systems (CRS) 3031- South Polar Steographic.

bands367_latlong.xml: Same as above but use to extract imagery in CRS 4326- WGS84 Lat/Long. 

The only values to change in the .xml files are the date (YYYY-MM-DD) and the MODIS product to download. Currently this is set to MODIS_Terra_CorrectedReflectance_Bands367 because these bands are well suited to discriminate between ice, cloud and water. Other MODIS data product codes can be found here: https://nasa-gibs.github.io/gibs-api-docs/available-visualizations/. 

Choose the 4326 CRS to allow the MODIS imagery to be directly overlaid on BSOSE/ ISO-SAF data without needing to reproject. 

The gdal_translate commands contained within the corresponding .sh files can be directly run in a shell script. The bounding box coordinates are currently set to extract imagery from the South Weddell Sea. 

Note: The order of coordinates goes Top left x (longitude), top left y (latitude), bottom right x (longitude), bottom right y (latitude). Or (long, lat, long, lat).  

Original web browser is here: https://worldview.earthdata.nasa.gov/?v=-127.7098806170591,-94.81391599257175,12.107666967155211,-17.531951214578285&l=Reference_Labels_15m(hidden),Reference_Features_15m(hidden),Coastlines_15m,VIIRS_NOAA20_CorrectedReflectance_BandsM3-I3-M11(hidden),MODIS_Terra_CorrectedReflectance_Bands367,MODIS_Aqua_CorrectedReflectance_Bands721,VIIRS_NOAA20_CorrectedReflectance_TrueColor(hidden),VIIRS_SNPP_CorrectedReflectance_TrueColor(hidden),MODIS_Aqua_CorrectedReflectance_TrueColor(hidden),MODIS_Terra_CorrectedReflectance_TrueColor&lg=true&t=2021-09-11-T14%3A00%3A00Z

Commit message:

Add instructions for SIC script

README.md, after:

# MODIS_Extraction
Code to extract MODIS imagery from NASA Earthdata repository. 

bands367_3031.xml: use to extract MODIS corrected surface reflectance imagery in coordinate reference systems (CRS) 3031- South Polar Stereographic.

bands367_latlong.xml: Same as above but use to extract imagery in CRS 4326- WGS84 Lat/Long. 

The only values to change in the .xml files are the date (YYYY-MM-DD) and the MODIS product to download. Currently, this is set to MODIS_Terra_CorrectedReflectance_Bands367 because these bands are well suited to discriminate between ice, cloud and water. Other MODIS data product codes can be found here: https://nasa-gibs.github.io/gibs-api-docs/available-visualizations/. 

Choose the 4326 CRS to allow the MODIS imagery to be directly overlaid on BSOSE/ OSI-SAF data without needing to reproject. 

The gdal_translate commands contained within the corresponding .sh files can be directly run in a shell script. The bounding box coordinates are currently set to extract imagery from the South Weddell Sea. 

Note: The order of coordinates goes Top left x (longitude), top left y (latitude), bottom right x (longitude), bottom right y (latitude). Or (long, lat, long, lat).  

Original web browser is here: https://worldview.earthdata.nasa.gov/?v=-127.7098806170591,-94.81391599257175,12.107666967155211,-17.531951214578285&l=Reference_Labels_15m(hidden),Reference_Features_15m(hidden),Coastlines_15m,VIIRS_NOAA20_CorrectedReflectance_BandsM3-I3-M11(hidden),MODIS_Terra_CorrectedReflectance_Bands367,MODIS_Aqua_CorrectedReflectance_Bands721,VIIRS_NOAA20_CorrectedReflectance_TrueColor(hidden),VIIRS_SNPP_CorrectedReflectance_TrueColor(hidden),MODIS_Aqua_CorrectedReflectance_TrueColor(hidden),MODIS_Terra_CorrectedReflectance_TrueColor&lg=true&t=2021-09-11-T14%3A00%3A00Z 

# MODIS Sea Ice Concentration
The repo contains a script to convert the MODIS tiff image into a netCDF file containing sea ice concentrations based on pooled pixel values.

To run this script from the command line you need to specify an input image file, an output path and the date the image corresponds to in YYYY-MM-DD format:

```
python MODIS_sea_ice_classification/createMODIS_netCDF.py input.tiff output.nc YYYY-MM-DD
```
